1. Create a structure called student to store the student’s details such as name, dept, current CGPA. 
   Define a pre-processor macro with max no of students. Create an array of student structure with max student as array size. 
   Create a function called "Add" that will add the students details in the array. 
   Create a function called "Remove” that will remove the students in the array. 
   Create a function called "Print" to print all the details of all the students. 
2. Write a program to delete all duplicate elements from an array. 
3. Write a program to merge two sorted arrays. 
4. Write a program to Add two matrices. 
5. Write a program to print hollow pyramid star pattern. 
6. Write a program to create an Array of objects. 
7. Write a program to find the largest element in the array. 
8. Program to illustrate Order of Constructor Invocation 
9. Program to illustrate Order of Destructor Invocation with/without Virtual keyword. 
10. Program to demonstrate Constructor Overloading 
11. Program to illustrates the use of Constructors in single inheritance. 
12. Program to Compare Two Strings using operator Overloading "=". 
13. Write programs to demonstrate the below: 
    a. Copy constructor 
    b. Constructor with member initialization list 
    c. Shallow copy and Deep copy 
    d. Parameterized constructor with Dynamic initialization 
14. Program to demonstrate run-time polymorphism. 
15. Program to illustrate the use of pure virtual function in Polymorphism. 
16. Program to illustrates the use of Virtual base class.  
17. Program to illustrate Abstract Base Class. 
18. Program to illustrate an example of Pure Virtual functions. 
19. Find all the occurrences of a word in a file and replace it with another word. 
20. Write a program to count a number of words and characters in a file. 
21. Write a program to delete a specific line from a file. 
22. Allocate memory in one thread and free in another by using signal handlers. 
23. Find the number of vowels, consonants, digits and white spaces in the given set of strings. 
24. Check whether two Strings are anagram of each other. 
25. Check if the string is palindrome. 
26. Find the day, month and year from the input string DD/MM/YY. 
27. Write a program to use function pointers to call callbacks in synchronous way. 
28. Write a program to use function pointers to call callbacks in asynchronous way.
29. Write a program to raise an exception of below categories and catch it. 
Exception          
 Description 
• std::bad_alloc         This exception is thrown by a new keyword. 
• std::bad_cast          This is an exception thrown by dynamic_cast. 
• std::bad_exception     A useful device for handling unexpected exceptions in C++ programs. 
• std::bad_typeid        An exception thrown by typeid.    
• std::logic_error       This exception is theoretically detectable by reading code. 
• std::invalid_argument  An exception thrown for using invalid arguments. 
• std::length_error      An exception thrown after creating a big std::string.
• std::out_of_range      Thrown by at method. 
• std::overflow_error    This exception is thrown after the occurrence of a mathematical overflow.
• std::range_error       This exception is thrown when you attempt to store an out-of range value.C3 
• std::underflow_error   An exception thrown after the occurrence of mathematical underflow 
